Hello everyone and welcome to the K means clustering project.
In this lecture video we're going to be going over the notebook for the Kamins clustering project and
explain what you'll be doing.
What's good and jumped to notebook to get started.
All right.
Here we are at the notebook for the project the Kamins clustering project and I wanted to note that
usually when you're dealing with unsupervised learning problems such as k means clustering it's difficult
to get a good measure of how well the model actually performed.
For this project we're going to be doing is using data from the UCI archive which is based off of red
and white wines.
It's actually really commonly used data in machine learning where we're going to do is strip the label
indicating whether the wine was a red or white wine and see if we can use Kamins clustering to cluster
the wine training points based solely off of their features without actually showing the label to any
models.
Then what we can do is put the label back and compare how well our clustering algorithm perform versus
the true labels that we actually already know.
Just keep in mind that usually for unsupervised learning problems in real life you won't have the luxury
of being able being able to bring that label back as far as the actual process you're going to be doing
.
You'll go ahead and get that data.
You can either download the two data the files from the repository or just use the ones already included
in the notebook download.
Then you'll go ahead and explore the data a little bit.
You'll do some exploratory data analysis such as creating histograms of the data indicating red and
white by color and you also do some scatter plots.
Once you've done your exploratory data analysis you'll go ahead and start building the clusters isn't
that Kamins algorithm then finally we'll be able to evaluate the clusters because we actually have the
luxury of having that label data red or white wine.
All right.
Hope you enjoy this project go ahead and take your time through it.
And I will see you at the next lecture.
Will we'll be going over the solutions for the project.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture